c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\bin\Debug\NV.WPF.exe.config
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\bin\Debug\NV.WPF.exe
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\bin\Debug\NV.WPF.pdb
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\bin\Debug\NV.Midi.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\bin\Debug\NV.Midi.pdb
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\obj\Debug\NV.WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\obj\Debug\NV.WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\obj\Debug\NV.WPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\obj\Debug\NV.WPF.g.resources
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\obj\Debug\NV.WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\obj\Debug\NV.WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\obj\Debug\NV.WPF.exe
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\obj\Debug\NV.WPF.pdb
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\bin\Debug\Interop.IWshRuntimeLibrary.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\obj\Debug\Interop.IWshRuntimeLibrary.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\obj\Debug\NV.WPF.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\bin\Debug\app.ico
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NanoVolume\NV.WPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
